whoa whoa whoa we are at the 2059 cast
show orlando florida it's ice-cold this
convention center but it is hot and
humid outside in the beautiful Florida
weather so we're in the berkeley booth
right now they've got all kinds of new
stuff but we don't care about that all's
we care about and Berkeley soft plastics
PowerBait most of you know about
PowerBait you've never used it it'll
help you catch more fish if you can't if
you don't have good sensitivity in your
hand PowerBait basically means when it's
just get ahold of it they don't let go
so the fish hold onto it longer gives
you the ability to say oh there's one I
got so a couple debates this year is a
shaky snake so it's a
it's like part straight tail shaky worm
shaky 6-inch shaker then it's got a
ribbon ringtail shaken so as that bait
lays down a shaky head it gets a lot of
movement floats up so that's a new shaky
snake here's a new power tube that's
like straight up Lake Erie great lake
crack for smallmouth right there that
needs that color right there that's
that's a that's a small mouth purple
Gulf uh-huh but there's all kinds of new
colors been power tube so great new
colors Grady shapes power bait alright
so how many finesse fishermen do we have
out there I'm one of them hey trust me I
love to flip and pitch I want to throw a
swimbait in a bit crankbait this there's
way too many tournaments out there we
still got to pick up a spinning rod drop
shot shaky heads grubs things like that
just to get a bite and I don't care I'm
a firm believer I don't care what I got
to throw to catch a fish and be
competitive in a tournament sometimes
it's small baits are going to just get
you that bite you're just trying to
catch a 12 inch fish to fill your limit
whatever might be does it bite shut off
whatever I don't care but be open mind
to fish any type of baits so some of the
new baits we got this year for the
finesse side of it from Berkeley yes
here's the here's a pro jig worm this
three bait signature little oh look at
that little tattletale
protel grub you could fish on a shaky
head a little xabbu head works awesome
wacky style you can fish on a drop shot
you can kind of do whatever you want
from them but to be a little late down
shake your head or 16,000 a key head
spinning you're on that's going to be
money here's here's no pro grub that's
just kind of a cool color I mean that's
like you got chrome blue lipless
crankbaits has a little chrome blue 3
inch grub rib from the bottom and here's
one I mean for all the drop shot is
going to be this will be a popular one
here it's a pro twitch tail minnow all
power bait it's like a 3-inch body shad
it's got a little tail so anyone it's
you're going to know suck this six pound
trilene hundred sent for carbon no more
an eight little number one trocar but
just shaking that little tail is going
to get a lot of action so body shads are
there in great drop shot date so those
are some of the new stuff when you got
to get a bite and they're eating small
bait check out some of the new berkley
powerbait